[W5][T12-2]Luca Triglia (#29)
nus-cs2103-AY1819S2/addressbook-level2: docs/UserGuide.adoc

== Adding a person: `add`

> Adds a person to the address book in alphabetical order. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a person to the address book. +
```

It may be preferable to leave it as is, so that the user's understanding is that the address book is always sorted (as the list command implies, and maybe you would want to clarify somewhere else as well). In any case, there is no option to add a person in "not alphabetical order".

== Listing all persons : `list`

> Shows a list of all persons, along with their non-private details, in the address book. (sorted by name) +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows a list of all persons, along with their non-private details, in alphabetical order in the address book. +
```

> Shows a list of all persons, along with their non-private details, in alphabetical order in the address book. +

Reviewer 2: It would be worth noting that persons are sorted by their name :)
